Normative language improvements (#158)
AMWA-TV/nmos-discovery-registration: docs/4.1. Behaviour - Registration.md

4. The Node performs a DNS-SD browse for services of type '\_nmos-register.\_tcp' as specified in [Discovery: Registered Operation](3.1.%20Discovery%20-%20Registered%20Operation.md).
5. The Node registers itself with the Registration API by taking the object it holds under the Node API's /self resource and POSTing this to the Registration API.
6. The Node persists itself in the registry by issuing heartbeats as below.
7. The Node registers its other resources (from /devices, /sources etc) with the Registration API. Resources MUST be registered in the correct order, such that a Receiver which references a device_id is registered after that corresponding Device (for example).

#### Resilient Node Behaviour

In some deployments, multiple copies of essence (video/audio/data) are sent via redundant paths in order to provide guarantees about availability. In these situations, it is likely that a single Node will be used at the point of content creation and transmission via the two paths, and again a single Node used for reception from the two paths.

> NMOS models this as a single Flow sent via two independent Senders which are assigned to separate physical network interfaces on a Node.

Reviewer: This has led to confusion for some readers, since although the IS-04 model _allows_ this representation, ST 2022-7 is actually modelled by a _single_ Sender having two `interface_bindings`.

Author: True, but out of scope of this PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NMOS can model this as a single Flow sent via two independent Senders which are assigned to separate physical network interfaces on a Node.
```

Reviewer: Done

> This mode of operation is applicable to both 'peer-to-peer' and 'registered' discovery. Registered discovery MAY use either a single registry, or a independent registry for each network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode of operation is applicable to both 'peer-to-peer' and 'registered' discovery. Registered discovery MAY use either a single registry, or an independent registry for each network.
```

> In order to support this mode and ensure persistence in the registry upon link failure, a Node operating in this mode MAY register with Registration APIs (and host its Node API) via multiple independent network interfaces. If separate registries are deployed for the multiple network links the Node MUST ensure it registers the correct 'href' with each registry (see [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml) `/self` resource). From v1.1, the 'api' attribute of the Node /self resource adds the capability to list multiple endpoints for the same Node API, removing the requirement for this 'href' specialisation.

Reviewer: I believe the business with registering the correct 'href' is wrong, as it breaks the identity rules. Let's discuss with @andrewbonney, next week.

Reviewer: And if not noted in the backticks PR, there are more instances of "/self" and "'href'" in that sentence that could do with being quoted/backticked consistently.

> In order to support this mode and ensure persistence in the registry upon link failure, a Node operating in this mode MAY register with Registration APIs (and host its Node API) via multiple independent network interfaces. If separate registries are deployed for the multiple network links the Node MUST ensure it registers the correct 'href' with each registry (see [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml) `/self` resource). From v1.1, the 'api' attribute of the Node /self resource adds the capability to list multiple endpoints for the same Node API, removing the requirement for this 'href' specialisation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to support this mode and ensure persistence in the registry upon link failure, a Node operating in this mode MAY register with Registration APIs (and host its Node API) via multiple independent network interfaces.

Clients are encouraged to use the `api` attribute rather than the deprecated `href` attribute when accessing a Node API (see [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml) `/self` resource) as the `href` attribute is likely to target a single network interface only. Nodes which need to support this mode of operation at v1.0 MUST register a different `href` for the same Node `id` with each registry, even though this is a workaround which technically breaches data model constraints.
```

See what you think of the above. I've tried to persist the normative language as-is, just changing the emphasis to new implementations rather than the required v1.0 behaviour.

Reviewer: I tweaked a few single quotes to backticks.

I think the reemphasis is good.

W.r.t. "is likely to target a single network interface only", I was wondering how it couldn't... Using a DNS name, I suppose?
Maybe rather than "noting that" (who is noting?), something like "even though"?
I was looking again for the statement about `id` plus `version` standing for a unique variant of a resource... It's in the Common Keys section.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, the DNS name was in my head there, but I suspect in practice implementations may use the first result found via DNS rather than iterating through them on failure, hence not calling that out as an explicit recommendation.

Author: This is good.  I agree that "even though" would be a better way to phrase "noting that".

Reviewer: Done.

> In order to support this mode and ensure persistence in the registry upon link failure, a Node operating in this mode MAY register with Registration APIs (and host its Node API) via multiple independent network interfaces. If separate registries are deployed for the multiple network links the Node MUST ensure it registers the correct `href` with each registry (see [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml) `/self` resource). From v1.1, the `api` attribute of the Node `/self` resource adds the capability to list multiple endpoints for the same Node API, removing the requirement for this `href` specialisation.

Reviewer: Andrew's suggestion can't be applied because GitHub says it's outdated, so here it is again:

```suggestion
In order to support this mode and ensure persistence in the registry upon link failure, a Node operating in this mode MAY register with Registration APIs (and host its Node API) via multiple independent network interfaces.

Clients are encouraged to use the `api` attribute rather than the deprecated `href` attribute when accessing a Node API (see [Node API](../APIs/NodeAPI.raml) `/self` resource) as the `href` attribute is likely to target a single network interface only. Nodes which need to support this mode of operation at v1.0 MUST register a different `href` for the same Node `id` with each registry, even though this is a workaround which technically breaches data model constraints.
```
